Add testing documentation (#178)
justifi-tech/public-docs: docs/disputes/lifecycle.mdx

- `refund_policy_disclosure` - Refund policy terms
- `cancellation_policy_disclosure` - Cancellation policy terms
- `refund_refusal_explanation` - Why refund was refused
- `cancellation_rebuttal` - Response to cancellation claims

#### Additional Context
- `additional_statement` - Free-form additional information

## Evidence Management

### Evidence Categories

Choose appropriate categories for maximum impact:

| Category | Best Used For |
|----------|---------------|
| `receipt` | Purchase confirmations, invoices |
| `shipping_documentation` | Delivery proof, tracking info |
| `customer_communication` | Email exchanges, support tickets |
| `customer_signature` | Signed delivery receipts |
| `refund_policy` | Terms of service, policies |
| `cancellation_policy` | Cancellation terms |
| `service_documentation` | Proof of service delivery |
| `duplicate_charge_documentation` | Duplicate charge evidence |
| `activity_log` | System logs, usage data |
| `uncategorized_file` | Other supporting documents |

### File Requirements

- **Supported formats**: PDF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, ZIP
- **Validation**: File extension must match MIME type

## Submission and Review

### Forfeiture Option

> If you choose not to contest the dispute you should do `POST` request to `/disputes/{id}/response` with the following body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose not to contest the dispute you should make a `POST` request to `/disputes/{id}/response` with the following body:
```

```json
{
  "forfeit": true
}
```

This immediately transitions the dispute to `lost` status.

## Resolution Phase

### Possible Outcomes

#### Won (`won` status)
- **Funds Returned**: Disputed amount returned to your account
- **Notification**: `dispute_resolved` and `dispute_funds_returned` webhook events

#### Lost (`lost` status)

> - **Funds Retained**: Platform keeps the disputed amount

Reviewer 2: The platform isn't keeping the disputed amount here. The funds are returned to the cardholder.
